{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15740\viewh9440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Things to fix in the \'93Employee Attrition Exercise\'94 assignment and file:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Build in APA citations for all the various website materials (e.g., business science, IBM, etc.). Zotero and R integration should be used. See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.r-bloggers.com/writing-manuscripts-in-rstudio-easy-citations/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.r-bloggers.com/writing-manuscripts-in-rstudio-easy-citations/}}.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I was able to build in the citation management suite of tools, but need to build in the citations. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Reformat document to print using the \'93papaja\'94 (i.e., APA formatting package).\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}Rewrite the code in the RMarkdown chunks in order to avoid printing unnecessary codes (e.g., packages that are applied to the data). \
{\listtext	4.	}Edit Kable table to only print within the page width. Make sure it aligns with APA style.\
{\listtext	5.	}Build a statistical table that summarizes the results of the machine learning analysis. APA style. \
{\listtext	6.	}Build a table for the confusion matrix. APA style. \
{\listtext	7.	}Build a table for the results of the performance analysis. APA style.\
{\listtext	8.	}Write code to extract the features from the performance analysis (e.g., \'93$null_error_rate\'94) and place into the manuscript. \
{\listtext	9.	}Fix the plots so that they print appropriately.\
{\listtext	10.	}Print a table or plot that will transparently extract features based on their importance. Currently, there is nothing that makes this part of the analysis transparent.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Below are other aims that I would like to bring into this project to turn it into a publishable piece of work (target outlet would be Academy of Management, Learning and Education; Journal of Management Teaching, etc.):\

\b0 I\'92d like to build this into a publication where we talk transparently about how machine learning could result in harmful decision making. To that end, I think we need to do the following:
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Craft a brief discussion of strategic HR and the problems associated with the machine-learning analyses conducted in the HR context. Are there legal liabilities? Will this even work (etc.)? The aim is to show some thought leadership.\
{\listtext	2.	}Discuss how an assignment that focuses solely on reporting descriptive trends could result in biased decision-making. Need to emphasize strategic thinking and telling stories that will motivate strategic action (e.g., changing hiring/recruiting, training and development, and/or compensation). \
{\listtext	3.	}Talk about how this assignment has been adapted from Business Science and IBM. Make sure that they are credited. \
{\listtext	4.	}Supplemental analyses. Add in datasets that allow us to address: (1) how costly turnover is in this context, (2) whether turnover is functional or dysfunctional, (3) what-if analyses that examine the practical steps that can be taken to reduce turnover costs, and the like.\
{\listtext	5.	}Integrate the R and Tableau workflows so that students can see how work in one tool helps the other. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
It is worth pointing out a few assumptions about the attrition exercise that would need to be true for the machine-learning portion to be useful:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}All instances of attrition must have a positive NPV in terms of preventing attrition. \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}This is not tenable because turnover can be either functional or dysfunctional. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}All instances of attrition can be predicted/prevented in advance.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}This is not tenable because turnover can be either voluntary or involuntary. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Overall, the document needs to be reformatted to make it genuinely the instructor\'92s assignment with appropriate attributions to the business science team. This will involve making the decision making process more transparent. }